All right, here's how it works.
Twitch is going to
read a category.
We'll have five
seconds to name three
of those things in the category,
and then hit the buzzer,
and we'll see how much
time is left on the clock.
It has to be less
than five seconds.
Zoinks.
All right, I will go first
to show you how it goes.
Please.
OK, Ellen.
Name three costumes that
shouldn't have sexy attached.
A nun, and a veterinarian,
and a plumber.
This is hard.
I know, it's really hard.
OK, Maya, three things
that get better with age.
Butts, boobs and balls.
No.
It's the opposite.
Not one of those things
gets better with age.
You're not understanding
the game but--
I'm going to get it.
No, but clearly those
things were on your mind
and they came out.
I was trying to embrace
those things about myself.
I see, OK.
Including my balls.
OK.
Good.
All right.
As long as they're getting
better, that's good.
So much better.
OK.
Ellen, three things
you have to unwrap.
A present, a burrito, and--
what else would it be?
A candy bar?
Damn it.
I never think of candy.
OK, Maya.
Three things Beyonce
would say at a party.
Hey, OK, what?
That was fun.
He got that one.
I got that one.
OK.
Ellen, besides your
spouse, three people
you'd like to drive
cross-country with.
Oh, Maya, Oprah and you.
That's great.
Yes.
I want to get in that car.
All right, Maya.
Three things you never
want to hear your kids say.
I'm pregnant.
I'm fat, and life sucks.
That was good, but out of time.
But those were good.
But it's still three to one.
You're still winning.
I am?
I'm winning?
Yeah.
Ellen, three accents you can do.
Oh, French, Italian, Swedish.
Was that two?
That was three.
Those were three.
My favorite part was, oh.
That was French, right away.
Everybody knows that's French.
OK, Maya.
Three things Oprah says
to trick or treaters.
Boo, trick or treat,
happy Halloween.
Boo.
She says, boo.
I was trying to
condense it for time.
Yeah, because
normally it would be--
Boo.
That's awesome.
Ellen, three things you
think about in the shower.
Oh, I'm clean now.
And I got the--
Wait a minute.
Oh, I'm clean now.
Look at that soap.
Darn it.
I had others.
I want to hear the others.
Well, got to get the
conditioner out of my hair good.
And then, where's the towel?
I plan ahead.
Next time I'm in
the shower, I know
I'm going to hear in my
head, oh, I'm clean now.
This is great because, Maya,
it's the same question for you.
Three things you think
about in the shower.
Oh, I'm clean now.
Easy, does it.
Don't trip.
I don't want to fall.
Slip, but not trip.
That means you're running.
It didn't work.
I feel like you can say
anything on this game.
Well, you can, but
they're not always--
but you won.
I did?
Yes.
Season One of Forever
is available now
on Amazon Prime Original.
We'll be right back.
Maya Rudolph.